README.md, before:

# Palais Beauharnais Catalogue

A simple database to store metadata on the interior equipment within the Palais
Beauharnais in Paris, France. This repository contains the source code for the
web application. The application is currently available [here](https://dfk-paris.org/de/WissenschaftlicheBearbeitungdesPalaisBeauharnais/Datenbank.html).

## License

The source code is licensed under AGPL-3.0, see [COPYING](COPYING) and
[LICENSE](LICENSE). If you are interested in receiving a snapshot of the data as
well, please contact the
[Deutsches Forum für Kunstgeschichte Paris](https://dfk-paris.org).

## Setup

To build and deploy the application nodejs and npm are required on a
workstation. On the server, an environment to run [rack](http://rack.github.io/)
applications is required. We will assume that both is already set up. Make sure
the `bundler` gem is installed on the server as well.

Clone this repository, then change into its directory. Run the following to
install dependencies via npm

    npm install

Then build the js, styles and images

    npm run build

For deployment, you will need to add a file `deploy/config.sh` and configure
some environment variables specific to your deployment:

    export REPO="."
    export HOST="myuser@myhost.example.com"
    export PORT="22"
    export DEPLOY_TO="/path/to/app"
    export BUNDLE_PATH="/path/to/bundle"
    export COMMIT="master"
    export KEEP=5

`BUNDLE_PATH` lets you configure a directory where dependencies should be
installed to. If you remove it, the default will be used
`(/path/to/app/shared/bundle).

On the server, create a directory `/path/to/app/shared` and configure the database adapter
within `shared/database.yml` and the secrets file at `config/secrets.yml`. Then,
run the deployment script on the workstation:

    ./deploy/app.sh

Then, on the serverinitialize the database within `/path/to/app/current`:

    RAILS_ENV=production bundle exec rake db:setup

The app is ready to login with username `admin` and password `admin`.

## Widget Integration

A page might integrate a widget that this software provides. The only widgets at
the moment are the listing and the filtering form. To use any of them, add the
following at the end of your html body:

    <script
      type="text/javascript"
      src="https://pb.dfkg.org/app.js"
      pb-api-url="https://pb.dfkg.org"
    ></script>
    <script type="text/javascript">riot.mount('pb-listing')</script>

Where the  `src` and `pb-api-url` should point to the url where this application is hosted.
Also configure the CORS parameters within `config/application.rb` so that your
integrating page is allowed to fetch data from this app. Then you may simply add
the widgets within your html body like this:

the filter form

    <pb-filters></pb-filters>

the listing

    <pb-listing></pb-listing>

## Attributions

The following resources have been integrated in accordance with their respective
original licensing

* https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:H%C3%B4tel_de_Beauharnais.jpg is the
  basis for the favicon and serves as a general dummy during development. No
  modifications were made except resizing.

Commit message:

makes full text search support short terms and include tags

README.md, after:

# Palais Beauharnais Catalogue

A simple database to store metadata on the interior equipment within the Palais
Beauharnais in Paris, France. This repository contains the source code for the
web application. The application is currently available [here](https://dfk-paris.org/de/WissenschaftlicheBearbeitungdesPalaisBeauharnais/Datenbank.html).

## License

The source code is licensed under AGPL-3.0, see [COPYING](COPYING) and
[LICENSE](LICENSE). If you are interested in receiving a snapshot of the data as
well, please contact the
[Deutsches Forum für Kunstgeschichte Paris](https://dfk-paris.org).

## Setup

To build and deploy the application nodejs and npm are required on a
workstation. On the server, an environment to run [rack](http://rack.github.io/)
applications is required as well as MySQL. We will assume that all three are
already set up. Make sure the `bundler` gem is installed on the server as well.

For MySQL, make sure that `ft_min_word_len` (`[mysqld] section`) is set to `2`
instead of the default of `4`. This sets the minimum word length that can be
found with the full text search. This value has to be set correctly BEFORE the
database is created, or `REPAIR TABLE main_entries QUICK` has to be run
afterwards.

Clone this repository, then change into its directory. Run the following to
install dependencies via npm

    npm install

Then build the js, styles and images

    npm run build

For deployment, you will need to add a file `deploy/config.sh` and configure
some environment variables specific to your deployment:

    export REPO="."
    export HOST="myuser@myhost.example.com"
    export PORT="22"
    export DEPLOY_TO="/path/to/app"
    export BUNDLE_PATH="/path/to/bundle"
    export COMMIT="master"
    export KEEP=5

`BUNDLE_PATH` lets you configure a directory where dependencies should be
installed to. If you remove it, the default will be used
`(/path/to/app/shared/bundle).

On the server, create a directory `/path/to/app/shared` and configure the database adapter
within `shared/database.yml` and the secrets file at `config/secrets.yml`. Then,
run the deployment script on the workstation:

    ./deploy/app.sh

Then, on the serverinitialize the database within `/path/to/app/current`:

    RAILS_ENV=production bundle exec rake db:setup

The app is ready to login with username `admin` and password `admin`.

## Widget Integration

A page might integrate a widget that this software provides. The only widgets at
the moment are the listing and the filtering form. To use any of them, add the
following at the end of your html body:

    <script
      type="text/javascript"
      src="https://pb.dfkg.org/app.js"
      pb-api-url="https://pb.dfkg.org"
    ></script>
    <script type="text/javascript">riot.mount('pb-listing')</script>

Where the  `src` and `pb-api-url` should point to the url where this application is hosted.
Also configure the CORS parameters within `config/application.rb` so that your
integrating page is allowed to fetch data from this app. Then you may simply add
the widgets within your html body like this:

the filter form

    <pb-filters></pb-filters>

the listing

    <pb-listing></pb-listing>

## Attributions

The following resources have been integrated in accordance with their respective
original licensing

* https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:H%C3%B4tel_de_Beauharnais.jpg is the
  basis for the favicon and serves as a general dummy during development. No
  modifications were made except resizing.
